*: add tidb-lightning deployment guide on Kubernetes (#1481)
pingcap/docs: dev/tidb-in-kubernetes/maintain/lightning.md

---

> title: TiDB Lightning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Deploy TiDB Lightning in Kubernetes 
```
Alternative title: Restore data into TiDB in Kubernetes

> summary: Learn how to restore data into TiDB cluster in Kubernetes fastly with TiDB Lightning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: Learn how to quickly restore data into a TiDB cluster in Kubernetes with TiDB Lightning.
```

category: how-to
---

> # TiDB Lightning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Deploy TiDB Lightning in Kubernetes 
```
Alternative title: Restore data into TiDB in Kubernetes

> This document describes how to restore data into TiDB cluster in Kubernetes using [TiDB Lightning](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-lightning).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes how to restore data into a TiDB cluster in Kubernetes using [TiDB Lightning](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-lightning).
```

> TiDB Lightning contains two components: tidb-lightning and tikv-importer. In Kubernetes, the tikv-importer is inside tidb-cluster Helm chart, it's deployed as a `StatefulSet` with `replicas=1` while tidb-lightning is in a separate Helm chart and deployed as a `Job`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB Lightning contains two components: tidb-lightning and tikv-importer. In Kubernetes, the tikv-importer is inside the Helm chart of the TiDB cluster, it is deployed as a `StatefulSet` with `replicas=1` while tidb-lightning is in a separate Helm chart and deployed as a `Job`.
```

> So to restore data with TiDB Lighting, both the tikv-importer and tidb-lightning need to be deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, both the tikv-importer and tidb-lightning need to be deployed to restore data with TiDB Lightning.
```

## Deploy tikv-importer

> The tikv-importer can be enabled for an existing tidb cluster or by creating a new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tikv-importer can be enabled for an existing TiDB cluster or by creating a new one.
```

> * Create a new TiDB cluster with tikv importer enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a new TiDB cluster with tikv-importer enabled
```

>   1. Set `importer.create` to `true` in tidb-cluster `values.yaml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Set `importer.create` to `true` in the `values.yaml` file of the TiDB cluster
```

  2. Deploy the cluster

       {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

      ```shell
      helm install pingcap/tidb-cluster --name=<release-name> --namespace=<namespace> -f values.yaml --version=<chart-version>
      ```

> * Configure an existing TiDB cluster to enable tikv importer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configure an existing TiDB cluster to enable tikv-importer
```

>     1. Set `importer.create` to `true` in tidb-cluster `values.yaml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Set `importer.create` to `true` in the `values.yaml` file of the TiDB cluster
```

    2. Upgrade the existing TiDB cluster

        {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

        ```shell
        helm upgrade <release-name> pingcap/tidb-cluster -f values.yaml --version=<chart-version>
        ```

## Deploy tidb-lightning

1. Configure TiDB Lightning

    Use the following command to get the default configuration of TiDB Lightning.

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    helm inspect values pingcap/tidb-lightning --version=<chart-version> > tidb-lightning-values.yaml
    ```

    TiDB Lightning Helm chart supports both local and remote data source.

    * Local

>         Local mode requires the mydumper backup data to be on one of the k8s node. This mode can be enabled by setting `dataSource.local.nodeName` to the node name and `dataSource.local.hostPath` to the mydumper backup data directory path which contains a file named `metadata`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Local mode requires the mydumper backup data to be on one of the kubernetes node. This mode can be enabled by setting `dataSource.local.nodeName` to the node name and `dataSource.local.hostPath` to the mydumper backup data directory path which contains a file named `metadata`.
```

    * Remote

        Unlike local mode, remote mode needs to use [rclone](https://rclone.org) to download mydumper backup tarball file from a network storage like [Google Cloud Storage (GCS)](https://cloud.google.com/storage/), [AWS S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/), [Ceph Object Storage](https://ceph.com/ceph-storage/object-storage/) etc to a PV. And then extract the tarball file to the PV. Currently, only these three cloud storages are tested. Other cloud storages that are supported by rclone should also work but not tested.

>         i. Ensure `dataSource.local.nodeName` and `dataSource.local.hostPath` are commented out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        i. Make sure that `dataSource.local.nodeName` and `dataSource.local.hostPath` are commented out.
```

>         ii. Create a `Secret` containing the rclone configuration. A sample configuration is listed below, only one cloud storage configuration is required. For other cloud storage, please refer to rclone [documentation](https://rclone.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ii. Create a `Secret` containing the rclone configuration. A sample configuration is listed below. Only one cloud storage configuration is required. For other cloud storages, refer to [rclone documentation](https://rclone.org/).
```

            {{< copyable "" >}}

            ```yaml
            apiVersion: v1
            kind: Secret
            metadata:
              name: cloud-storage-secret
            type: Opaque
            stringData:
              rclone.conf: |
                [s3]
                type = s3
                provider = AWS
                env_auth = false
                access_key_id = <my-access-key>
                secret_access_key = <my-secret-key>
                region = us-east-1

                [ceph]
                type = s3
                provider = Ceph
                env_auth = false
                access_key_id = <my-access-key>
                secret_access_key = <my-secret-key>
                endpoint = <ceph-object-store-endpoint>
                region = :default-placement

                [gcs]
                type = google cloud storage
                # The service account must include Storage Object Viewer role
                # The content can be retrieved by `cat <service-account-file.json> | jq -c .`
                service_account_credentials = <service-account-json-file-content>
            ```

>             Fill in the placeholders with your configurations and save it as `secret.yaml`, and then create the secret via `kubectl apply -f secret.yaml -n <namespace>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Fill in the placeholders with your configurations and save it as `secret.yaml`, and then create the secret via `kubectl apply -f secret.yaml -n <namespace>`.
```

        iii. Configure the `dataSource.remote.storageClassName` to an existing storage class in the Kubernetes cluster.

2. Deploy TiDB Lightning

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell

>     helm install pingcap/tidb-lightning --name=<release-name> --namespace=<namespace> -f values.yaml --version=<chart-version>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    helm install pingcap/tidb-lightning --name=<release-name> --namespace=<namespace> -f tidb-lightning-values.yaml --version=<chart-version>
```
？

    ```

> When TiDB Lightning fails, it cannot simply be restarted, manual intervention is required. TiDB Lightning chart has hack script which avoids pod exiting and restarting when it fails. This makes it handy to do manual intervention, however users have to check the pod's log instead of simply checking the pod's status to determine if the restore job failed or not. This behavior can be disabled by setting `failFast` to `true` in `values.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When TiDB Lightning fails, it cannot simply be restarted, but manual intervention is required. TiDB Lightning chart has a hack script which avoids the pod exiting and restarting when it fails. This makes it handy to do manual intervention, no matter how users have to check the pod's log instead of simply checking the pod's status to determine if the `restore` job failed or not. This behavior can be disabled by setting `failFast` to `true` in `values.yaml`.
```

> **Note:**
>

> > Currently, TiDB Lightning will [exit with non-zero error code even when data is successfully restored](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-lightning/pull/230), this will trigger the job failure. So the success status needs to be determined by viewing tidb-lightning pod's log too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Currently, TiDB Lightning will [exit with non-zero error code even when data is successfully restored](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-lightning/pull/230). This will trigger the job failure. Therefore, the success status needs to be determined by viewing tidb-lightning pod's log too.
```

---

> title: Restore data into TiDB in Kubernetes

Reviewer 3: Also, please use the headline style of capitalization for the `title` (1st-level title).

```suggestion
title: Restore Data into TiDB in Kubernetes
```

summary: Learn how to quickly restore data into a TiDB cluster in Kubernetes with TiDB Lightning.
category: how-to
---

> # Restore data into TiDB in Kubernetes

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# Restore Data into TiDB in Kubernetes
```

          service_account_credentials = <service-account-json-file-content>
        ```

        Fill in the placeholders with your configurations and save it as `secret.yaml`, and then create the secret via `kubectl apply -f secret.yaml -n <namespace>`.

        iii. Configure the `dataSource.remote.storageClassName` to an existing storage class in the Kubernetes cluster.

2. Deploy TiDB Lightning

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    helm install pingcap/tidb-lightning --name=<release-name> --namespace=<namespace> -f values.yaml --version=<chart-version>
    ```

When TiDB Lightning fails, it cannot simply be restarted, but manual intervention is required. So the restart is disabled in tidb-lightning.

> **Note:**
>
> Currently, TiDB Lightning will [exit with non-zero error code even when data is successfully restored](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-lightning/pull/230). This will trigger the job failure. Therefore, the success status needs to be determined by viewing tidb-lightning pod's log.

If the lightning fails to restore data, follow the below steps to do manual intervention:

>   i. Delete the lightning job by `kubectl delete job -n <namespace> <release-name>-tidb-lightning`

Reviewer 4: In the markdown preview of github(https://github.com/tennix/docs/blob/tidb-lightning-in-kubernetes/dev/tidb-in-kubernetes/maintain/lightning.md), these items seems not being sorted as an ordered list.

  ii. Create the lightning job again with `failFast` disabled by `helm template pingcap/tidb-lightning --name <release-name> --set failFast=false | kubectl apply -n <namespace> -f -`
  iii. When the lightning pod is running again, use `kubectl exec -it -n <namesapce> <tidb-lightning-pod-name> sh` to exec into the lightning container.
  iv. Get the startup script by `cat /proc/1/cmdline`

>   v. Diagnose the lightning following the [troubleshooting guide](/how-to/troubleshoot/tidb-lightning/#tidb-lightning-troubleshooting)

Reviewer 4: dead link

---
title: Restore data into TiDB in Kubernetes
summary: Learn how to quickly restore data into a TiDB cluster in Kubernetes with TiDB Lightning.
category: how-to
---

# Restore data into TiDB in Kubernetes

This document describes how to restore data into a TiDB cluster in Kubernetes using [TiDB Lightning](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-lightning).

> TiDB Lightning contains two components: tidb-lightning and tikv-importer. In Kubernetes, the tikv-importer is inside the Helm chart of the TiDB cluster, it is deployed as a `StatefulSet` with `replicas=1` while tidb-lightning is in a separate Helm chart and deployed as a `Job`.

Reviewer 5: Briefly describe how they work? Then they may understand why these two components should be deployed in this way.

Author: It can not be described easily. The tidb-lightning supports both server-mode and non server-mode, it can be deployed both ways in k8s. Also the tikv-importer can be in a separate chart. It's not right or wrong choice, just preferable way made by us.

> Therefore, both the tikv-importer and tidb-lightning need to be deployed to restore data with TiDB Lightning.

Reviewer 5: `tikv-importer must be enabled in tidb-cluster first` will be more correct

Reviewer 5: emm... in below instructions, there are details on how to deploy tikv-importer, it makes sense to say `deploy tikv-importer` here.

          service_account_credentials = <service-account-json-file-content>
        ```

        Fill in the placeholders with your configurations and save it as `secret.yaml`, and then create the secret via `kubectl apply -f secret.yaml -n <namespace>`.

        iii. Configure the `dataSource.remote.storageClassName` to an existing storage class in the Kubernetes cluster.

2. Deploy TiDB Lightning

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    helm install pingcap/tidb-lightning --name=<release-name> --namespace=<namespace> --set failFast=true -f tidb-lightning-values.yaml --version=<chart-version>
    ```

When TiDB Lightning fails, it cannot simply be restarted, but manual intervention is required. So the restart is disabled in tidb-lightning.

> **Note:**
>
> Currently, TiDB Lightning will [exit with non-zero error code even when data is successfully restored](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-lightning/pull/230). This will trigger the job failure. Therefore, the success status needs to be determined by viewing tidb-lightning pod's log.

If the lightning fails to restore data, follow the below steps to do manual intervention:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   i. Delete the lightning job by `kubectl delete job -n <namespace> <release-name>-tidb-lightning`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Delete the lightning job by running `kubectl delete job -n <namespace> <release-name>-tidb-lightning`.
```

>   ii. Create the lightning job again with `failFast` disabled by `helm template pingcap/tidb-lightning --name <release-name> --set failFast=false -f tidb-lightning-values.yaml | kubectl apply -n <namespace> -f -`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create the lightning job again with `failFast` disabled by running `helm template pingcap/tidb-lightning --name <release-name> --set failFast=false -f tidb-lightning-values.yaml | kubectl apply -n <namespace> -f -`.
```

>   iii. When the lightning pod is running again, use `kubectl exec -it -n <namesapce> <tidb-lightning-pod-name> sh` to exec into the lightning container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. When the lightning pod is running again, use `kubectl exec -it -n <namesapce> <tidb-lightning-pod-name> sh` to exec into the lightning container.
```
`exec` is not an English word. Do you mean "execute"?

>   iv. Get the startup script by `cat /proc/1/cmdline`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Get the startup script by running `cat /proc/1/cmdline`.
```

>   v. Diagnose the lightning following the [troubleshooting guide](/how-to/troubleshoot/tidb-lightning.md#tidb-lightning-troubleshooting)

Reviewer 4: These are still not inside a `<ol>` tag (I don't think it is a valid markdown syntax), is this intended?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18556593/63662234-af659e00-c7f8-11e9-9b4e-9db11e8c2af6.png)

>   v. Diagnose the lightning following the [troubleshooting guide](/how-to/troubleshoot/tidb-lightning.md#tidb-lightning-troubleshooting)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Diagnose the lightning following the [troubleshooting guide](/how-to/troubleshoot/tidb-lightning.md#tidb-lightning-troubleshooting).
```

---
title: Restore Data into TiDB in Kubernetes
summary: Learn how to quickly restore data into a TiDB cluster in Kubernetes with TiDB Lightning.
category: how-to
---

# Restore Data into TiDB in Kubernetes

This document describes how to restore data into a TiDB cluster in Kubernetes using [TiDB Lightning](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-lightning).

> TiDB Lightning contains two components: tidb-lightning and tikv-importer. In Kubernetes, the tikv-importer is inside the Helm chart of the TiDB cluster, it is deployed as a `StatefulSet` with `replicas=1` while tidb-lightning is in a separate Helm chart and deployed as a `Job`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB Lightning contains two components: tidb-lightning and tikv-importer. In Kubernetes, the tikv-importer is inside the Helm chart of the TiDB cluster. tikv-importer is deployed as a `StatefulSet` with `replicas=1` while tidb-lightning is in a separate Helm chart and deployed as a `Job`.
```

Therefore, both the tikv-importer and tidb-lightning need to be deployed to restore data with TiDB Lightning.

## Deploy tikv-importer

> The tikv-importer can be enabled for an existing TiDB cluster or by creating a new one.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
The tikv-importer can be enabled for an existing TiDB cluster or for a newly created one.
```

1. Configure TiDB Lightning

    Use the following command to get the default configuration of TiDB Lightning.

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    helm inspect values pingcap/tidb-lightning --version=<chart-version> > tidb-lightning-values.yaml
    ```

    TiDB Lightning Helm chart supports both local and remote data source.

    * Local

        Local mode requires the mydumper backup data to be on one of the Kubernetes node. This mode can be enabled by setting `dataSource.local.nodeName` to the node name and `dataSource.local.hostPath` to the mydumper backup data directory path which contains a file named `metadata`.

    * Remote

        Unlike local mode, remote mode needs to use [rclone](https://rclone.org) to download mydumper backup tarball file from a network storage to a PV. Any cloud storage supported by rclone should work, but currently only the following have been tested: [Google Cloud Storage (GCS)](https://cloud.google.com/storage/), [AWS S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/), [Ceph Object Storage](https://ceph.com/ceph-storage/object-storage/).

        1. Make sure that `dataSource.local.nodeName` and `dataSource.local.hostPath` are commented out.

>         2. Create a `Secret` containing the rclone configuration. A sample configuration is listed below. Only one cloud storage configuration is required. For other cloud storages, please refer to [rclone documentation](https://rclone.org/).

Author: This makes the configuration consistent and easier to set up.

>         2. Create a `Secret` containing the rclone configuration. A sample configuration is listed below. Only one cloud storage configuration is required. For other cloud storages, please refer to [rclone documentation](https://rclone.org/).

Reviewer 7: @gregwebs Maybe I do not understand the usage correctly, for AWS, if have env_auth=true, we have to export the environment variables for key id and access key, but where could we get the values of these variables? We still need a resource to hold them, right?

>         2. Create a `Secret` containing the rclone configuration. A sample configuration is listed below. Only one cloud storage configuration is required. For other cloud storages, please refer to [rclone documentation](https://rclone.org/).

Reviewer 8: No, you don't need to hold on to a secret. Generally speaking you specify a service account that is associated to an iam role and the infrastructure provider generates a temporary credential that is placed in the environment and that the sdk auto refreshes.

>         2. Create a `Secret` containing the rclone configuration. A sample configuration is listed below. Only one cloud storage configuration is required. For other cloud storages, please refer to [rclone documentation](https://rclone.org/).

Reviewer 8: Note that "placed in the environment" for AWS is a local HTTP API that the AWS SDK uses. This is without Kubernetes. I will become familiar with how this all actually works on EKS next week.

If you really want to mix ceph secrets into its configuration then we should have two possible configurations here: one that expects the configuration as a secret (ceph), and one that expects it as a configmap (cloud).

I still suggest considering uniformly using a configmap for both and injecting secrets as environment variables for ceph. This way the configmap can be viewed or edited independently of secret rotation.

I am willing to help test out a proper configuration on GCS and AWS if you like.

>         2. Create a `Secret` containing the rclone configuration. A sample configuration is listed below. Only one cloud storage configuration is required. For other cloud storages, please refer to [rclone documentation](https://rclone.org/).

Author: We can merge it for now and when you are done with the test, please send the PR to tidb-operator and also remember to update this document.

            {{< copyable "" >}}

            ```yaml
            apiVersion: v1
            kind: Secret
            metadata:
              name: cloud-storage-secret
            type: Opaque
            stringData:
              rclone.conf: |
              [s3]
              type = s3
              provider = AWS
              env_auth = false
              access_key_id = <my-access-key>
              secret_access_key = <my-secret-key>
              region = us-east-1

              [ceph]
              type = s3
              provider = Ceph
              env_auth = false
              access_key_id = <my-access-key>
              secret_access_key = <my-secret-key>
              endpoint = <ceph-object-store-endpoint>
              region = :default-placement

              [gcs]
              type = google cloud storage
              # The service account must include Storage Object Viewer role

>               # The content can be retrieved by `cat <service-account-file.json> | jq -c .`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              # The content can be retrieved by `cat <service-account-file.json> | jq -c`.
```
Just to doublecheck, do you mean `cat <service-account-file.json> | jq -c` here?

              service_account_credentials = <service-account-json-file-content>
            ```

            Fill in the placeholders with your configurations and save it as `secret.yaml`, and then create the secret via `kubectl apply -f secret.yaml -n <namespace>`.

        3. Configure the `dataSource.remote.storageClassName` to an existing storage class in the Kubernetes cluster.

2. Deploy TiDB Lightning

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell

>     helm install pingcap/tidb-lightning --name=<tidb-lightning-release-name> --namespace=<namespace> --set failFast=true -f tidb-lightning-values.yaml --version=<chart-version>

Author: This makes it explicit for how users are using the lightning, there is no need to upgrade the lightning job, users will delete and deploy one instead of running `helm upgrade`. The existing job field can not be upgraded once created. So I think `--set` is appropriate here.

>     helm install pingcap/tidb-lightning --name=<tidb-lightning-release-name> --namespace=<namespace> --set failFast=true -f tidb-lightning-values.yaml --version=<chart-version>

Reviewer 8: I mean if the job is successful one should not need set

>     helm install pingcap/tidb-lightning --name=<tidb-lightning-release-name> --namespace=<namespace> --set failFast=true -f tidb-lightning-values.yaml --version=<chart-version>

Author: This relies on the default value of our chart which may change at different times. Using `--set` explicitly makes clear what the command does.

    ```

When TiDB Lightning fails to restore data, it cannot simply be restarted, but manual intervention is required. So the tidb-lightning's `Job` restart policy is set to `Never`.

> **Note:**
>
> Currently, TiDB Lightning will [exit with non-zero error code even when data is successfully restored](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-lightning/pull/230). This will trigger the job failure. Therefore, the success status needs to be determined by viewing tidb-lightning pod's log.

If the lightning fails to restore data, follow the steps below to do manual intervention:

1. Delete the lightning job by running `kubectl delete job -n <namespace> <tidb-lightning-release-name>-tidb-lightning`.

2. Create the lightning job again with `failFast` disabled by `helm template pingcap/tidb-lightning --name <tidb-lightning-release-name> --set failFast=false -f tidb-lightning-values.yaml | kubectl apply -n <namespace> -f -`.

> 3. When the lightning pod is running again, use `kubectl exec -it -n <namesapce> <tidb-lightning-pod-name> sh` to exec into the lightning container.

Reviewer 6: > exec into the lightning container.

What does this mean?

Author: The `kubectl exec` command is common for k8s users, and `exec` is usually used in this scenario. Maybe I should use backquote for `exec` to make it special word.

4. Get the startup script by running `cat /proc/1/cmdline`.

5. Diagnose the lightning following the [troubleshooting guide](/how-to/troubleshoot/tidb-lightning.md#tidb-lightning-troubleshooting).

> ## Destroy TiDB Lighting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Destroy TiDB Lightning
```

> Currently, TiDB Lighting can only restore data offline. When the restoration finishes and the TiDB cluster needs to provide service for applications, the TiDB Lightning should be deleted to save cost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, TiDB Lightning can only restore data offline. When the restoration finishes and the TiDB cluster needs to provide service for applications, the TiDB Lightning should be deleted to save cost.
```

> Currently, TiDB Lightning can only restore data offline. When the restoration finishes and the TiDB cluster needs to provide service for applications, the TiDB Lightning should be deleted to save cost.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Currently, TiDB Lightning can only restore data offline. When the restoration finishes and the TiDB cluster needs to provide service for applications, the TiDB Lightning can be deleted to save cost.
```
Is it required to delete the lightning? I think it's only recommended

Author: When the target TiDB is serving users' applications, then both lightning and importer are useless.

> * tikv-importer can be deleted by setting `importer.create` to `false` in `values.yaml` of TiDB cluster chart. And then run `helm upgrade <tidb-cluster-release-name> pingcap/tidb-cluster -f values.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* tikv-importer can be deleted by setting `importer.create` to `false` in `values.yaml` of the TiDB cluster chart. And then run `helm upgrade <tidb-cluster-release-name> pingcap/tidb-cluster -f values.yaml`.
```

> * tikv-importer can be deleted by setting `importer.create` to `false` in `values.yaml` of the TiDB cluster chart. And then run `helm upgrade <tidb-cluster-release-name> pingcap/tidb-cluster -f values.yaml`.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
* To delete tikv-importer:

    1. In `values.yaml` of the TiDB cluster chart, set `importer.create` to `false`.
    2. Run `helm upgrade <tidb-cluster-release-name> pingcap/tidb-cluster -f values.yaml`
```

> * tidb-lightning can be deleted by running `helm delete <tidb-lightning-release-name> --purge`.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
* To delete tidb-lightning, run `helm delete <tidb-lightning-release-name> --purge`.
```
